# DrawnToConquer

Drawn To Conquer is going to be a new revolutionary RTS game.  The goal of this game is to slow down gameplay to where it embraces the strategy concept of an RTS more than the real time aspect.  One of the core goals of the game will be to reduce needed player micro where needed with an upper limit goal of around 150 actions per minute.

# Rules for contributing
- Any non-code piece contributed that was generated by AI should be prefixed with "AI"
- More TBD

# Rapid prototype tasklist

- [ ] Generate map
  - [ ] Generate map mesh
  - [ ] Texture map mesh
  - [ ] Generate navigation meshes for land/water
- [ ] Create units
  - [ ] Units walk along navigation mesh
- [ ] Command system
  - [ ] Classic RTS point and click commands
    - [ ] Command queueing
    - [ ] click and drag formations
  - [ ] Paths and line commands
- [ ] Create structures
  - [ ] Units spawn out of structures
  - [ ] Consider defensive structures
    - [ ] Should there be bunkers that can be set to automatically attract units?
    - [ ] Automated defenses?
- [ ] Combat
  - [ ] Units recognize other nearby enemy units
  - [ ] Units path to other nearby enemy units
  - [ ] Units attack other nearby enemy units
  - [ ] Units die when reaching 0 health
  - [ ] Units heal over time
  - [ ] Units are able to attack and destroy structure
- [ ] Economy
  - [ ] TBD
- [ ] Co-op vs AI gamemode
  - [ ] Basic spawn and swarm strategies.  AI will not be required to follow game rules that apply to player.
  - [ ] Trigger system
  - [ ] Networking

# License

The GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE license was chosen with the hope that this game remains open source.  The goal here is to produce the best possible version of this idea.  Not for anyone to make moeny doing it.  Any money received by this project will be directed towards development and server costs.

# Discord

Join the public discord to collaborate: https://discord.gg/3jxKbB2Nbw
